---
layout: page
title: Multi-Relational Graph Neural Network for Darkweb Actor Classification
description: Semi-supervised deep learning framework to detect key actors by classifying underground forum users into different groups based on their activity patterns.
img: assets/img/mrgcn0.jpg
importance: 1
category: work
related_publications: true
---


**Supervisor**: [Dr. Vinti Agarwal](https://www.bits-pilani.ac.in/pilani/vintiagarwal/profile)


Cybercriminals who interact extensively
on underground forums, often, exchange illegal commodities and indulge in discussions on unwarranted
topics. To facilitate the disruption of these highly
proficient criminals, we propose a deep learning based
multi-relational graph convolutional network approach
to analyse the underground forum and identify key
actors.

{% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/mrgcn.png" title="Overall architecture of KAD-mRGCN framework" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}

We evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed model on the neo-Nazi underground forum, IronMarch. First, we model the forum as a homogeneous graph of users, where multiple edges between users represent their interactions through private conversations, group discussions, and other activities. Additionally, we encode the textual content shared among users using distributed feature representations generated by BERT.

To obtain ground truth labels for training, we introduce a hypothesis to compute user scores based on the quality and quantity of their involvement in the forum. The proposed framework jointly embeds user information and multi-relational data to learn node embeddings within the graph. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the model through empirical evaluation on IronMarch.


### Technical Details

* Semi-Supervised Learning
* BERT for Language Modeling
* **Framework**: Keras and Tensorflow
* **Model**: Graph Convolutional Layer

### Results

We conducted an ablation study on the model parameters to generate the best results and achieved a classification accuracy of 82% which validates the proposed hypothesis for score computation and class labelling. To establish the robustness of our model, we compare its performance against state-of-art models. Though we used an underground forum as a showcase, the proposed model can be implemented to identify influential users' on other social media platforms.
